

Write status report
Friday 9/29- Thursday

Friday
Recieved an email from VP of HR late Thursday saying everything was fixed. 
Resumed working on providing feedback to SE I status reports ~7:30am,
Once State of TN offices opened, my wife and I verified all the HR related issues were resolved.  (E)
Apparently it only take 1.5 days to do what they couldn't get down in a month and a half. Just requires leadership.
Resumed feedback on reports.
Did lunch and errands with my wife 
Back at the status reports for a bit
Provided feedback on a few early essay submissions (E)
Double checked my assessment of everyone's grades. (E)
I skipped breaking down the beaver wall this time. (F)
Baby Chickens
	Finished up the pallet fort I created for the baby chickens. 
	We stopped turning on their heat lamps on Wednesday to aclimate them to the cool nights
Dr. Shaik came to the house with her daughter to discuss the ABET audits. Gave them a tour of part of the property.(E)
Did a few more feedbacks, marked the rest as submitted early and saved as draft (E)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Saturday
Finished SE 1 section 2 and section 1 reports (took most of the morning and afternoon)
After lunch my wife loaded up the 20 baby chickens (young adults now) and stuff, drove them to pallet fort.
Dealt with beaver issue. Usual stuff, nothing interesting this time.
Started and finished SE II section 2 reports (smaller class size so I do it first)
Closed the chickens up in the coop once it got dark.
	Once we train them to go in at night, they'll do this on their own.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Sunday
Let the chickens out of the coop ~7:15am 
Worked on some more report feedbacks (E)
Arrived early to church, setup streaming equipment (had to switch out mics again)
Stayed after to collect and organize donations for our food shelf (weekly activity; my wife coordinates the daily distribution)
Had our 3rd bell choir practice session of the season; I think our performance is next week? 
Finished SE II section 1 reports
Updated my class notes for both SE I and SE II based on the common threads I saw while doing the reports
Reviewed the required reading material for SE I and did final edits on my class notes
Sent a copy of my SE I class notes to Dr Shaik so she knew what was planned for Monday
Dinner at my daughter's house where she showed us a recording of her two big presentations. She did very well.
Closed the chickens up in the coop once it got dark.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Monday
Let the chickens out of the coop ~7:15am 
Arrived early. 8am faculty meeting about ABET audits (I arrived at 7:45). A lot of stress in the group.
Chatted with some of the ABET auditors afterwards, told them about the cookie exercise. They thought it was neat. (E)
Prepped for class by scanning all the required and optional reading and then updating my class notes one last time.
Hung out and commiserated with Harrison for a bit about HR and ABET. (E)
At the start of class, I go to the podium and download all the slides locally so I can display them.I also prep any videos I plan to show in an attempt to skip the commercials.
Not as many students wanted to present (after I said they didn't have to) as I expected. Let class out early.
To cheer myself up between classes, I played several fun music videos.
Processed attendance for SE I section 1 and 2
ABET
	After class I had my interrogation (I mean interview) with the ABET Auditors.
	Offer them the remaining cookies as a bribe (I mean peace offering) (E)
	Ask some open ended questions to get them talking first. It worked. 10 minutes down with no questions to me. (E)
	Played the new guy card. It seemed to work.  (E)
	Connected with the interrogator over HR issues and being retired and loving what we do. (E)
	Gave him a few more cookies. Asked him about his bucket list which ended the meeting with a positive exchange. (E)
Nothing of interest in the beaver wall today. It wasn't as built up as usual.
Provided feedback to a couple of essays before dinner. Marked all the early ones and saved as draft.(E)
Closed the chickens up in the coop once it got dark.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Tuesday
Let the chickens out of the coop ~7:15am 
Arrived early, a few students. ACM decided to meet next to my table. reviewed the required reading material for SE II and did final edits on my class notes. Once caught up on class stuff, I worked on a few essays. 
All the HR issues from late last week and all the ABET stuff has consumed much of the time I normally spend
	on class work. My plan is to complete 1 section per day of essays so I get everyone their grade by Friday.
Reviewed the required reading for SEI and some of the optional ones, then updated my class notes. 
Sent my updated class notes to Dr. Shaik so she knew the plan for Wednesday.
Processed all the essays for SE II section 2 (I'm doing SE II first since they graduate soon and are probably a little more nervous about grades)
Closed the chickens up in the coop once it got dark.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical


Wednesday
Arrived early, knocked out some emails and did all my pull requests across the 4 sections
Scanned the materials for class one last time.
Worked on SE II section 1 essays until class started.
Spent all afternoon and evening doing essay feedbacks. Finished SE II section 1.
Closed the chickens up in the coop once it got dark.

Thursday
Scanned over SE II material for the day. Updated my notes.Today will be a longer lecture (1 hr)
Started doing essays for SE I section 2.
Process pull requests and attendance.
Spent all afternoon and evening doing essay feedbacks. Finished SE I section 2. On track to be done Friday.
I will have to be later by a day or so on status report feedback due to all the essays and how wiped my brain is from all the reading and writing I'm doing for the essays.
Closed the chickens up in the coop once it got dark.



